Enhance the first-time contributors section in hopes that fewer contr… (#1166)
collective/icalendar: docs/contribute/index.rst

Contributions to icalendar from people new to icalendar are welcome.

Like most free and open source software, icalendar promotes the "free" part, meaning freedom or liberty.

-   You're free to start work on issues without asking.
-   You're free to ask questions to clarify the scope of work before you start.
-   We don't assign issues.

> -   Free other contributors from duplicating your effort by adding a comment of "I'm working on this issue."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Free other contributors from duplicating your effort by opening a pull request as soon as you can.
```

I'd rather not have people block others because they only think they can do work but don't do it. Showing work is what helps deduplicate, increases competition and communication.
